ZTNA APIs [Public Preview] (#21578)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs: api-reference/beta/resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md

|[Get forwardingProfile](../api/networkaccess-forwardingprofile-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md) object.|
|[Update forwardingProfile](../api/networkaccess-forwardingprofile-update.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md)|Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md) object.|
|[List policies](../api/networkaccess-filteringprofile-list-policies.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.policyLink](../resources/networkaccess-policylink.md) collection|Get the policyLink resources from the policies navigation property.|
|[Create policyLink](../api/networkaccess-forwardingprofile-post-policies.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.policyLink](../resources/networkaccess-policylink.md)|Create a new policyLink object.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |associations|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.association](../resources/networkaccess-association.md) collection|Specifies the users, groups, devices, and branch locations whose traffic is associated with the given traffic forwarding profile|
> |description|String|Profile description Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
> |id|String|Identifier for the profile Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
> |lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Profile last modified time Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
> |name|String|Profile name Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
> |priority|Int32|Profile priority|
> |state|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Determines whether the profile is enabled/disabled	 Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`.|
> |trafficForwardingType|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.trafficForwardingType|Profile traffic type.The possible values are: `m365`, `internet`, `private`.|
> |version|String|version Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|associations|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.association](../resources/networkaccess-association.md) collection|Specifies the users, groups, devices, and branch locations whose traffic is associated with the given traffic forwarding profile.|
|description|String|Profile description. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
|id|String|Identifier for the profile. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|Profile last modified time. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
|name|String|Profile name. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
|priority|Int32|Profile priority.|
|state|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Determines whether the profile is enabled or disabled.     Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md). The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`.|
|trafficForwardingType|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.trafficForwardingType|Profile traffic type. The possible values are: `m365`, `internet`, `private`.|
|version|String|Version. Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
```

## Relationships
|Relationship|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |policies|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.policyLink](../resources/networkaccess-policylink.md) collection|The collection of policies that are linked to this traffic forwarding profile.	 Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md)|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|policies|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.policyLink](../resources/networkaccess-policylink.md) collection|The collection of policies that are linked to this traffic forwarding profile.     Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
```

description: "Forwarding Profile will decide what kind of traffic goes through our Network Access Service and what is skipped. The type of traffic handled is decided by the forwarding policies added to the Forwarding Profile"
author: "Moti-ba"
ms.localizationpriority: medium
ms.prod: identity-and-access
doc_type: resourcePageType
---

# forwardingProfile resource type

Namespace: microsoft.graph.networkaccess

[!INCLUDE [beta-disclaimer](../../includes/beta-disclaimer.md)]

Forwarding Profile will decide what kind of traffic goes through our Network Access Service and what is skipped. The type of traffic handled is decided by the forwarding policies added to the Forwarding Profile

Inherits from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).

## Methods
|Method|Return type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|
|[List forwardingProfiles](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-list-forwardingprofiles.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md) collection|Get a list of the [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md) objects and their properties.|

> |[Create forwardingProfile](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-post-forwardingprofiles.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md)|Create a new [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md) object.|

Reviewer: This file is missing from this PR.

|[Get forwardingProfile](../api/networkaccess-forwardingprofile-get.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md)|Read the properties and relationships of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md) object.|
|[Update forwardingProfile](../api/networkaccess-forwardingprofile-update.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md)|Update the properties of a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md) object.|

> |[Delete forwardingProfile](../api/networkaccess-networkaccessroot-delete-forwardingprofiles.md)|None|Delete a [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.forwardingProfile](../resources/networkaccess-forwardingprofile.md) object.|

Reviewer: This file is missing from this PR.

> |[List policies](../api/networkaccess-filteringprofile-list-policies.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.policyLink](../resources/networkaccess-policylink.md) collection|Get the policyLink resources from the policies navigation property.|

Reviewer: filteringProfile isn't going public so filertingprofile-list-policies.md API doc doc isn't required. You should have networkaccess-forwardingprofile-post-policies instead.

|[Create policyLink](../api/networkaccess-forwardingprofile-post-policies.md)|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.policyLink](../resources/networkaccess-policylink.md)|Create a new policyLink object.|

## Properties
|Property|Type|Description|
|:---|:---|:---|

> |associations|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.association](../resources/networkaccess-association.md) collection|Specifies the associated users, groups, devices, and branch locations for a given traffic forwarding profile.|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|associations|[microsoft.graph.networkaccess.association](../resources/networkaccess-association.md) collection|Specifies the users, groups, devices, and branch locations whose traffic is associated with the given traffic forwarding profile.|
```

|description|String|description Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
|id|String|id Inherited from [microsoft.graph.entity](../resources/entity.md).|
|lastModifiedDateTime|DateTimeOffset|last Modified DateTime Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
|name|String|name Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|
|priority|Int32|priority|
|state|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.status|Determines whether the profile is enabled/disabled	 Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`, `unknownFutureValue`.|
|trafficForwardingType|microsoft.graph.networkaccess.trafficForwardingType|Provides the type of forwarding profile.The possible values are: `m365`, `internet`, `private`, `unknownFutureValue`.|

> |version|String|version Inherited from [microsoft.graph.networkaccess.profile](../resources/networkaccess-profile.md).|

Reviewer: Full descriptive sentences, please. Proper punctuation. We're writing for humans 🙂.
